How is it? Is it solved?
Don't worry, no one will find him again
What are you afraid of?
I'm not going to kill him.
I just sent someone to send him away
That would be fine.
Didn't the waiter just let him leave that day?
How do I know this dog thing took my money?
Don't work for me
brother
It's not bad for me
What, your lord, let me go a lot
Brother, I gave you a chance
But you don't believe it.
Is everything okay now?
I should thank you for telling me this news in time.
I was helping myself.
Not bad, do you need to continue working with me?
Don't you think
I can't make up for the mistakes I made until now
You still want me to do things for you?
Why don't you need money?
Think carefully.
I am a growing grasshopper
If something happens to me, don't think about it.